DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"JULIE PLAYS HARD BRAWL\"
MARUCHO: Surf's up!
Hey! Check it out!
I can barely touch the bottom over here!
Cool! I'll dive right in!
Just as soon as I find water past my ankles!
Belly-flop!
Oh-wedgie! Stop that!
This umbrella came with my drink!
Hey look at me!
I'm king surfer!
[laughing]
Oh yeah who crowned you? Your board?
Where-where did you go?
Preyas! Stop goofing around!
Where are you! [echoes]
[Gasp]
Oh no!
[crying]
It was just a dream.
Breakfast!
Come and get it while it's hot!
Come on Shun!
Whoa! Real Sausages?
Hunh?
Yeah, so pretend you have real manners...
Oh?
Ee-r-uh-hh ! Morning...
Marucho?
Oh... good morning Runo.
You know I've been thinking,
remember that world wide data we saw?
It showed Hydranoid was dangerously close
to becoming the Ultimate Bakugan.
But that's...
Masquerade's Bakugan.
The infinity core needs to fuse
with an ultimate Bakugan.
So we gotta up our game and build one fast-
before they beat us to it.
Can I have some of that?
SKYRESS: We have to stop Masquerade
from getting to the Infinity Core!
TIGRERRA: Or else Naga will get his hands
on both the Infinity and the Silent Core.
DRAGO: Putting Vestroia and the Human World
into jeopardy...
we must act swiftly!
Drago's right!
All we've been doing is shredding tread!
We need action!
And I say we make Drago our ultimate Bakugan!
Well as long as we all agree-
Agreed!
We'll ditch this tea party and get some real action!
And I know just the place to get the brawl rolling,
Masquerade's European lair!
Yes!
We'll take it by storm!
That's if Marucho can pinpoint a location!
Dan!
MARUCHO: Uh... no?
DAN: If Masquerade doesn't get taken out soon
it could be the end for all of us.
I-Uh, I can't remember...
Marucho you've got to remember!
Come on!
Snap out of it!
RUNO: Da-an!
I'm-I'm sorry...
but I can't deal with this right now...
But... Marucho?
Come back!
Leave him alone.
I think he's gone through enough,
without you harassing him like a criminal.
He just lost his best friend Preyas.
What do you expect?
Oh come on!
He's got to man up and move on,
Masquerade's destroying Bakugan as we speak!
It's a tough break but we're on a mission
so he'll just have to get over it.
Nice attitude?
Geeze, why don't you get over it
and cut him some slack?
Cause we're not running a daycare,
so maybe we'll just roll without him.
How can you even think of blowing him off at
a time like this?
Maybe Marucho should stay behind.
Huhn?
What?
I know he'll pull through, he always does.
But right now isn't the time to wait for him
to come around.
We have to move on.
Julie!
JULIE: You don't understand Billy was my best friend forever.
Growing up he was always there for me.
So I've got to be there for him
now that he's under Masquerade's control.
I just can't sit around here waiting for things to happen
when I know there's something I can do.
Marucho's friend may be lost but there's still
a chance we can save Billy.
So I say we leave without him.
You?
You're there for your friends?
What about Marucho?
Runo...
Spare me your lame excuses.
You've made your choice.
Now go!
Fine!
'Cause I've had enough, of your melodrama!
Common let's go Julie!
[crying]
Wait come back here...
Dan!
SKYRESS: Shun?
Go get him,
it's your responsibility as a brawler.
Oh she... makes me so mad!
I could just yell-
Huhn?
[crying]
Not you too.
You've got some-make-up that's running down your face -
here's a hankie.
No, no take it.
I won't want it back.
Trust me.
I am so FRUSTRATED!
I don't know where we're going!
Or even where are!
Hoah!
Whoa!
Geeze, what is this?
When petting zoos attack?
[laughing]
Well look what we found, your sense of humour.
I know, and your silly reaction has given me an idea?
I think I know where we can look for Billy?
Uh, exactly how?
Oh, you'll see.
Dan gets me so frustrated
when he goes totally alpha dog on us!
Why do I even care?
And that Ju-lie .
Chasing after him like a lost puppy,
following him everywhere!
Look I know you're upset, but don't you think
you're being a little hard on them?
I mean really, all that Julie wants is to get
her friend back from Masquerade.
I know 'cause I felt the same way when it happened
to Grandpa and me.
So I understand what Julie is going through,
trust me it's hard.
Well maybe seeing your friends take sides is harder.
Runo...
I'm sorry.
I think I'll go check on Marucho.
I can't believe this.
We should-we should be coming together
to help Marucho not be fighting over it.
I mean if I, I, if lost Tigrerra.
I don't, I don't know...
TIGRERRA: My Dear.
Now tell me something.
Didn't Daniel once lose his temper?
And ended up throwing his Drago into the river?
Wha'?
I'm just saying that Dan already knows what it's like,
to have lost his own personal Bakugan.
Huhn?
Hmm, perhaps I give him too much credit.
Because losing it temporarily-
and losing it forever-
are two very different things.
Hmm!
DAN: You actually said to Billy
that Germany is beside Australi?
Uh-hun and your shocked look so reminded me of his.
BILLY: Hey Julie,
if you could be any where in the world right now
where would it be?
Uhm? Japan I think.
Good call.
What about you Billy?
Me? I pick Germany.
That's when he mentioned this soccer field,
where he could catch a cool game.
He always wanted to come here,
I'm surprised I could remember the place.
BILLY: I'm surprised you remembered too!
Well look what the cat dragged in!
Always on top of your game?
Aren't you?
Oh you asked for it!
Wait!
Look you may have been best buds at one time,
but this ain't one of those times.
And being ranked number ten,
he's out of your league.
Sorry, Daniel.
But I'm taking him down solo!
Are you whacked?
Oh puleeze- you think you know everything.
Well you don't- when it comes to winning people over.
This requires a slightly different tactic.
Masquerade may have a grip on Billy
but I'm gonna loosen it one thumb at a time.
Uh-Hun.
Field... Open!
Doom card... set!
Gate card... set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Manion Stand!
[roar]
Bakugan Brawl!
Centipoid Stand!
He's out to bust a move...
wild style.
Gate Card... set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Tuskor... Stand!
Ability Card... Activate!
Attractor Activate!
Here it comes!
And there it goes circlin' the drain.
Looks like you fell for my sand trap.
What the?
Not Quite!
BAKUPOD: Centipoid leading.
Gate Card Open!
Magma card fuse!
Ha!
Explain?
Simple, he just smoked a Bakugan and two cards
in one totally killer move.
You gotta love that magma fuse card,
I like how it wipes out all the other cards
after a fresh battle, leaving a clean scent behind.
You should clean up your own act!
'Cause you've been fighting dirty.
Ha!
Well you don't make it into the top ten
by playing nice!
Playing Nice?
More like you were playing Masquerade's
Sucker instead.
So what?
Now, my game's shootin' right off the Richter scale.
And you're completely off your rocker!
I want the old Billy back!
And we'll be back in a flash!
You heard me!
Let's par-tay! Yee-haw!
Oh! Tuskor!
Ha!
Looks like you'll have to forget about him ...
ha-ha-ha!
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Centipoid Stand!
BAKUPOD: CENTIPOID AT 750 Gs.
This means I've only got one left.
Gorem you're my only hope.
Then let's show'em how it's done.
Game on!
Gate card set!
Come on Gorem!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Ability card Activate...
Mega Impact!
BAKUPOD: Both Bakugan power level up by 100 Gs.
[Grunt] Centipoid!
Don't, wimp out early!
BAKUPOD: Centipoid down 50 Gs.
CENTIPOID 360 Gs, GOREM 530 Gs.
Go! Go! Get him!
Yes!
THINKING: Humph!
Nice play...
into my hands.
Wha? What gives?
Why is he smiling?
Didn't he just blow a game?
Unless, this some sort of set up.
Go shake'm down! Rattleoid!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Gorem Attack!
Gorem Stand!
[Roar]
BAKUPOD: Rattleoid Level 310, Gorem 380.
Ability card Activate!
Poison Fang!
Huhn? -He-e-eh!
BAKUPOD: Rattleoid up 50 Gs, Gorem down 50.
Hee-e-eh! Hy-yah!
Ability Card Activate!
Gate Building!
One more card and I'll and double down?
Gate Card Open!
Grand Spirit Activate!
Grand Spirit Card?
What the heck?
That Card revs up the G force by 50
for every card you have on the field.
DRAGO: So if she already has two cards?
DAN: Then she really did double down her 50
to make 100?
BAKUPOD: Gorem up 100 Gs.
So how do you like getting your hands dirty?
Under Earth Attribute?
Hra-a-ah!
Huh-ha!
Gasp! Score!
Aw-yes!
Dan wait!
He's smiling again?
What is his damage?
This is the last card
and we both have just one Bakugan left.
So how about we finally settle this all or nothing?
You game?
No way!
Don't fall for it Julie!
It looks like a trap!
Okay!
Then bring on your worst!
With pleasure!
BOTH: Final shot!
Bakugan Brawl!
Ability card activate!
Copy Cat!
JULIE: Ability card activate!
Mega Impact!
Say what?
Gorem!
I admire your specialty.
Mind if I take it?
That was real slick keeping his copy cat card
on the d.l.
Of course!
That's why...
He sacrificed Centipiod...
To copy the previous ability of Mega Impact!
Why so shocked?
You were the one whining about an equal playing field?
Hummnnnn-Yoohhhhh!
Errrrrrr!
Huh-ay-ay-ay!
HUHN!
Hutt!
Ha!
Ee-e-e-e-e!
Huhn?
With both of their Mega Impacts canceling each other out
they've both gone down 50 Gs.
But Gorem is still in the lead.
Go Gorem!
BAKUPOD: Gorem down 50 Gs.
JULIE: What?
Ha! Ha!
Seems Rattleoid has left behind a little parting gift.
The Poison fang's starting to kick in.
Gasp! Poison fang?
JULIE: Oh no!
It's taking over!
This could be fatal.
JULIE: Gorem!
GOREM: Julie! You must leave now!
No!
We're in this together big guy!
We're gonna stand our ground and fight to the very end.
But Julie, one more blow and I'm finished.
And you know what that means.
Come on, what are you waiting for?
Do it already Cycloid.
Are you, sure?
Ah, Because I would be sending him
straight into the Doom Dimension
accompanied by that foolish humanoid?
Hehn!
I know she's just bluffing!
She wouldn't have the guts to pull off
something like that!
[laughing]
Hey Julie!
Why don't you drop the bravery act and get off
so we can end this fight properly.
NO-o-o-o!
I don't care what you say!
I'm gonna to stay right here with Gorem!
I mean it!
Hehn?
So! Go On!
Send me into the Doom Dimension if you think
winning is so important.
Why won't she give up?
It's over?
She's testing him.
Finding out if the Billy she once knew still exists.
Forcing him to choose between triumph and defeat.
Because the real Billy would sacrifice victory
over harming a friend.
DAN: Yeah, but this ain't no after school special.
Seriously, what happens if he gives the word to attack?
If that happens...
Then Julie will be banished
to the Doom Dimension for all eternity.
You mean like...
forever?
And Ever!
Yes. [laughing]
What are you waiting for?
Masquerade?
Go on- finish what you've started!
Errrrhhhh!
If you defeat her, I'll move you up a notch
to ninth place.
No way? Do you mean it?
Yes.
He-he-he-he!
That'll shut them up.
They won't be calling me double digits anymore!
Go on Cycloid!
Finish them off!
Count me in!
[Roar]
[scream]
Huhn?
No-o-o-o!
Julie! Go!
I can't hold out much longer!
Billy do you remember? That toy!
You gave it to me when we we're in kindergarten!
Oh!
It's for you.
Wow, that's so nice of you.
Keep this up and I can tell-
you and I will become the greatest of friends.
Yeah! M-m-mhmmmm!
Listen to me!
Billy you're my only chance to survive this!
Julie...
Julie you have to get off! Now!
Grrrh-uh!
I knew this was a mistake!
Grr-rrr-rrrr!
Call it off!
Or I'll bust your grill!
You're already too late.
Outta the Way-y-y!
Noooo-oooh!
Billy!
Doom card! Out!
Excuse me?
Oh!
Yeah!
My Billy's Back!
Sorry.
Yah think you can find it in your heart somewhere
to forgive me?
I know I was being like a total jerk and everything.
But I was so focused on winning and raising my rank
that I didn't even see what I was really about to lose.
So don't be mad at me?
No problem!
I can't stay mad at anyone ...
except Masquerade.
You're the one destroying the game!
[laughter]
But you don't even lift a finger,
you just send in other Bakugan players
to do your dirty work!
She's right!
I've never seen this poser in battle!
So what are you afraid of slacker?
[laughter]
Coming up on Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
The sky's the limit, our gang is heading in
for a crash landing.
Frustration mounts as everyone is getting
on each others nerves, especially Shun's.
Who left over a heated battle of words with Dan,
saying he couldn't stand being fake friends
any longer.
Meanwhile, Komba, a sore loser and former rival
of Shun's has a score to settle.
Will Shun count on his friends?
Or is he about to go from Hero to Zero?
Oh Shun, don't you know there's safety in numbers?